Next we want to fill our pots, but first off
we want to talk about the different types
of potting mix that are available. You can
go to a garden center and pick up probably
any of these types. This is a nice loose mix,
which just consists of pearl lite and peat.
You can see it's very light and very airy.
This is a typical annual mix. This is a mix
we use here at the farm, which has some chunkier
pieces of pearl lite, which are these little
white things. It's got a little bit of bark
and it's got peat. The bark is to increase
some aeration in the soil and it holds on
to a little bit more water. This is a perennial
mix where you can see that it gets even chunkier.
It has big pieces of bark in it and the same
thing. Better aeration and holds on to water
a little longer. Then this is a sandy mix.
I took some of the annual mix and I put some
sand in it. It'll be one part of the regular
mix and two parts of the sand. For today’s
purpose we're going to just use the regular
potting mix. So we don't make a mess. Go a
little light. I went to the top because when
I water it it's not going to sink. I'm not
going to press down on it because we don't
want to take the air. The plants need air
especially the roots, so we don't want to
make that mistake of pressing down. We'll
just fill up all our pots. Okay.